Section 2 and 4: setup profile, computer and codes (#85)
aiidateam/aiida-tutorials: docs/pages/2019_MARVEL_Psik_MaX/sections/calculations.rst

Submit, monitor and debug calculations
======================================

In this section we'll be learning how to create new data in AiiDA.

We will use the `Quantum Espresso <https://www.quantum-espresso.org/>`_ package to launch a simple `density functional theory <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Density_functional_theory>`_ calculation of a silicon crystal using the :doi:`PBE exchange-correlation functional <10.1103/PhysRevB.54.16533>` and check its results.
While we're going to debug these issues 'manually' here, workflows (which you'll encounter later in this tutorial) can help you avoid these issues systematically.

Note that besides the ``aiida-quantumespresso`` plugin, AiiDA comes with plugins for a range of other codes, all of which are listed in the `AiiDA plugin registry <https://aiidateam.github.io/aiida-registry/>`_.

Configuring the code
--------------------

To run an external code through AiiDA, such as we will be doing with Quantum ESPRESSO's pw.x in this tutorial, we first need to configure that code.

> Each code needs to be associated with a computer on which it can run, therefore we first need to configure a computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A code may live not only on the local computer but also on remote computers, so the first step is actually to configure a computer.
```
